//teleop//
//is the teleop for the robot//

#pragma config(Hubs,  S1, HTMotor,  HTServo,  none,     none)
#pragma config(Hubs,  S3, HTMotor,  none,     none,     none)
#pragma config(Motor,  mtr_S1_C1_1,     motorD,        tmotorTetrix, openLoop, driveLeft)
#pragma config(Motor,  mtr_S1_C1_2,     motorE,        tmotorTetrix, openLoop, driveRight)
#pragma config(Motor,  mtr_S3_C1_1,     motorF,        tmotorTetrix, openLoop)
#pragma config(Motor,  mtr_S3_C1_2,     motorG,        tmotorTetrix, openLoop)
#pragma config(Servo,  srvo_S1_C2_1,    servo1,               tServoContinuousRotation)
#pragma config(Servo,  srvo_S1_C2_2,    servo2,               tServoNone)
#pragma config(Servo,  srvo_S1_C2_3,    servo3,               tServoNone)
#pragma config(Servo,  srvo_S1_C2_4,    servo4,               tServoNone)
#pragma config(Servo,  srvo_S1_C2_5,    servo5,               tServoNone)
#pragma config(Servo,  srvo_S1_C2_6,    servo6,               tServoNone)
#pragma config(Sensor, S2,     IRSeeker2,           sensorHiTechnicIRSeeker1200)
//*!!Code automatically generated by 'ROBOTC' configuration wizard               !!*//

/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//
//                           Tele-Operation Mode Code Template
//
// This file contains a template for simplified creation of an tele-op program for an FTC
// competition.
//
// You need to customize two functions with code unique to your specific robot.
//
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

#include "JoystickDriver.c"  //Include file to "handle" the Bluetooth messages.


/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//
//                                    initializeRobot
//
// Prior to the start of tele-op mode, you may want to perform some initialization on your robot
// and the variables within your program.
//
// In most cases, you may not have to add any code to this function and it will remain "empty".
//
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

void initializeRobot()
{
  // Place code here to sinitialize servos to starting positions.
  // Sensors are automatically configured and setup by ROBOTC. They may need a brief time to stabilize.
servo[servo1]=220;
  return;
}


/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//
//                                         Main Task
//
// The following is the main code for the tele-op robot operation. Customize as appropriate for
// your specific robot.
//
// Game controller / joystick information is sent periodically (about every 50 milliseconds) from
// the FMS (Field Management System) to the robot. Most tele-op programs will follow the following
// logic:
//   1. Loop forever repeating the following actions:
//   2. Get the latest game controller / joystick settings that have been received from the PC.
//   3. Perform appropriate actions based on the joystick + buttons settings. This is usually a
//      simple action:
//      *  Joystick values are usually directly translated into power levels for a motor or
//         position of a servo.
//      *  Buttons are usually used to start/stop a motor or cause a servo to move to a specific
//         position.
//   4. Repeat the loop.
//
// Your program needs to continuously loop because you need to continuously respond to changes in
// the game controller settings.
//
// At the end of the tele-op period, the FMS will autonmatically abort (stop) execution of the program.
//
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

task main()
{
  initializeRobot();

  waitForStart();   // wait for start of tele-op phase

  while (true)
  {
  	//gets joystick position from FCS and assigns the proper movements to the proper joysticks
    //also changes the max/min value of joystick from 127 to 100 to make it fit with max motor power

	  getJoystickSettings(joystick);
	  motor[motorD]=(joystick.joy1_y1*100)/127;
    motor[motorE]=(joystick.joy1_y2*100)/127;

    //if Button 5 is pressed then it will move to 220
    if (joy2Btn(5)==1)
    {
    	servo[servo1]=220;
    }

    //if Button 6 is pressed then it will move to 0
    if (joy2Btn(6)== 1)
    {
    	servo[servo1]=0;
    }

    // Insert code to have servos and motors respond to joystick and button values.

    // Look in the ROBOTC samples folder for programs that may be similar to what you want to perform.
    // You may be able to find "snippets" of code that are similar to the functions that you want to
    // perform.
  }
}
